# u3236164_Programming-For-Design_A3

One Page Website

The objective of this assignment was to develop a website on one of the six provided topics using all of the material covered over the course of the previous 12 weeks in the unit. I went with Covid because it was a well-known topic and something that had been going on for at least two years. The purpose of this website was to provide a forum where people could read about some frequently asked questions regarding COVID and significant decisions that have been made for the welfare of the public.

The first step was to go over topics that were provided to us to get a general sense of what they were, then to begin doing some preliminary research on each of those topics in order to choose one for the assignment. This step took a long time and was very challenging. Every topic appeared to be quite intriguing and had the potential to be developed into a useful one-page website. In the end, I made the decision to move forwards and build my website around COVID vaccination because I felt confident doing so after reading and researching this topic nonstop for the previous two years.

The following step personally caused me a great deal of frustration because I would experience a severe creative block each time I sat down to work on this assignment. By studying numerous examples of one-page websites and how different CSS and JavaScript components were being combined to produce some truly intriguing websites, I was able to overcome my lack of inspiration. The inspiration for my assignment came from looking over these samples.

I used a 2-grid style for my website to keep it organized and simple. Based on the medial teal scrubs worn by medical professionals, I have chosen to use teal as my color palette. Additionally, I chose a cream background color rather than the more traditional white since I think it complements the teal color. For the Main Heading, the Hero text, and the Body text, I utilized three different fonts that complement one another nicely. The geometric, minimalist, and formal font styles I have picked feels appropriate for this particular subject. In addition to HTML and CSS, I have also used JavaScript events to give the website some functionality. A collapsible text box that expands when a user clicks on it and a "Scroll to Top" button are the two key events I have used in this website. Last but not least, I have added a footer with links to a few additional external websites where users can, if needed, get more information.

Overall, I had a lot of fun and learned a lot from this assignment. Working on this assignment was really fulfilling due to my passion for coding and what it can do. I can definitely see myself using all this knowledge to develop some effective websites in the future.
